Add network_mode: bridge to Compose file reference (#24749)
docker/docker.github.io: content/reference/compose-file/services.md

`network_mode` sets a service container's network mode.

> - `bridge`: Connects the container to the host's default bridge network instead of creating a project-specific network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bridge`: Connects the container to Docker's default bridge network instead of
  a project-specific network. Containers on the default bridge network cannot
  resolve each other by service name . Instead, use a user-defined network for DNS resolution.
```
